Introduction

Purpose:
	
	The Hardware Management System is a application that provide complete solutions for Organization to keeping track of their 
	hardware asset as well as It will enable vendors to setup online business, Oranganization to 
        browse through the shop and purchase them online without having to visiting the hardware outlet physically

Scope:
	This system allows the Organization to maintain tracking their hardware assets as well as storing all the data about thier vendors 
	and purchasing the product over the internet.It is very Useful for the big Organization like scheduled bank by which employee
	at perticular branch can demand for their required hardware to associated Data Centre.  
	

Definitions:
	   OSS --> 	Online Shopping System
	   SRS --> 	Software Requirement Specification
	   GUI---> 	Graphical User Interface
	   Portal-->    Personalized Website
	   Stackholder--> The person who will participate in the System. And Onwer of system
				Ex.  Customer, Adminstrator , Shopper
	   UML--->	Software Engineering Notation for visualising System in the form diagrams
 	   SSL--->	Secure Socket Layer used for providing restricted access to application.
	   BOD--->      Board Of Directors (Management).
           RDBMS -->    Relational Dadabase Management System.
	   CLUSTERS---> Group of independent servers.	

Overview:
	This System provides an easy solution to big Organization to maintain tracking their hardware assets employee of organization 
	demand for their required hardware to associated Data Centre of Oraganization
        

Additional Information:
	The system work on internet server, so it will  be operated by all the employees as vendors to deal with
	Organization for the buying and selling purpose with secure platform.
        This system protects the integrity of the sellers and buyers.
        
	
General Description:
	The Hardware Management System helps to manage the hardware in the big Oraganizations like scheduled bank,
	where it will keep all track about all the hardware assets their history,maintenance,Current value.
	Also It provide a platform to emploees of Organization to demand their requirement and get it fulfill by selecting profitable vendor.  
	The Hardware Management System will use the internet as the sole method for organizations' employee and vendor including their
	data center.
	
	
Functional Requirement:
	This section provides requirement overview of the system. Various functional modules that can be implemented by 
	the system will be-
	
	Description:
	Login Admin logins to the system by entering valid user id and password for Adding new branch,Asset Type vendor and the user,
	Data Entered by the User gets verified by the admin if it is correct admin will pass it as a singing authority.Once Admin found
	request for New hardware Requirement request for quotations will be generated for vendors once quotations gathered Purchase Order
	will be generated and sent to the benificial vendor, invoice is get generated from vendor side and sent to admin. 
	Login user logins to the system by entering valid user id and password for Data Entering of the all hardware exits in
	organization, maintenance history of ech hardware and keeping track of transfered hardware in which branch it exits right now,
	also saving the info about scrap asset which can be no more in use.Reports will be genrate for maintenance history,
	track of transfered hardware and scrap hardware assets.
	Login Vendor logins to the system by entering valid user id and password for request of quotation to purchase new hardware
	according to requirement quotation is get generated and sent to the admin once found request for purchase order product will get 
	dispatch and confirmation will get sent to admin with estimated timing.
	Login branch Manager logins to the system by entering valid user id and password for requesting new required hardware to admin
	confirmation after fullfillment of requirement will be sent.

	This system will work on client-Server architecture. It will require an internet server.
	The system should support some commonly used browser such as Chrome etc.
	Interface Requirement according to login:
	Admin:
		Add Branch
		Add User
		Add new Asset Type
		Add Vendor
		verification
			Maintenance 
			Transferd
			New Purchased
			Scrap
		Req for quotation
		Purchase Order
		Product Sent/ recieved confirmation
		change password
	User:
		New purchased Hardwares
		Transfer
		Maintenance
		Scrap
		report
		change password
	Vendor:
		Quotation req
		Quotation response
		Purchase Order
		Dispatch confirmation with invoice
	Branch Manager:
		Request for Hardware
		Goods Recieved confirmation with thank you.
		
Non-Functional Requirements

1.Security:
	 
	The system must automcatically log out all user after a period of inactivity.
	The system should not leave any cookies on the vendor's computer containing users's password.
	The system's back-end servers shall  only be accessible to authenticated administrators.
	Sensitive data will be encrypted  before being sent onver insecure connections like internet.
        The proper firewalls should be developed to avoid intrusions from the internal or external sources.


2.Reliability:
	The system provides storage of all databases on redundant computers with  automatic switchover. 
	The main pillar of reliability of the system  is the backup of the database 
	which is conitinously maintained and update to reflect  the most recenet changes.


3: Availability:
	The system should be available at all times.meaning the user can access it using web browser, 
        only restricted by the down time of the server on which the system runs.
        In case of a of a hardware failure or database corruption, a replacement page will be shown. 
	uptime : It mean 24 * 7 availability
	
4: Maintainability:
	A commercial database is used for maintaining the databae and application server takes care of the site. 
	The maintainability can be done efficiently.

5.Portability:
	The application is HTML and scripting language based (Javascript). So the end user part is fully portable and any system using 
	any web browser should be able to use the features of the system,including any hardware platform that is available 
	or will be available in the futuer. 
	An end-user  is used this system on an OS;either it is Windows or Linux.
	The System shall run on PC, Laptops and PDA.etc.
	The  technology should be transferable to different environments easily.

6.Accessibility:
        Only registered users should be allowed to process the orders after authentications.
        Only GUI access of the system should be permited to end users.

7.Policies:
       The system should adhere to all the legal formalities of the particular countries.
       The system should maintain security related to sensitive data.

8.Efficiency:
	The system should provide good throughput and response to multiple users without burdening the system by using appropriate number of servers.

9.Safety:
      Software should not harm ethical and environmental conditions of the end users machine.

10.Modulariy:
      The system should have user friendly interface. 
      It should be easily updated,modified and reused. 


Operational Scenario:
	Branch Manager Interaction:

	The Branch Manager want to buy hardware. He will esnd the request to Data Centre
	Admin Interaction:
		Admin add the new user,new vendor,new hardware type.  
	 The system stores all hardware information for organization,keep track of all record of transfer,maintenance is get verified by admin.
	 If branch Manager sent request some hardware it will show to admin,admin send request for quotation to vendor,
	 Got response from vendor i.e quotation,give Purchase order to vendor , recieved goods confirmation to vendor 
	 
	User Interaction:
		user is employye of the data centre who is going to stored all records of each transaction about the hardware
		transfer,maintenance,scrap generate report for it with the calculation of quarterly depriciation as per RBI norms. 
	
	Vendor Interaction:find the req for quotation,generate quotation response,Got purchase order,dispatch confirmation
	
	
	
Preliminary Schedule: :

	
	1.Login
	2.Adding branch
	3.Adding Hardware Types
	4.Adding vendors
	5.verification(Maintenance ,New Purchased Hardware,Transferd,Scrap)
	6.Req for quotation
	7.Purchase Order
	8.Product Sent/ recieved confirmation
	9.Change password
	10.Designing Database.
